# # TransactionV2

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **float** | The amount of the transaction. | [optional]
**status** | **string** | The resulting status of the transaction. | [optional]
**description** | **string** | A description of the transaction. | [optional]
**contact** | [**\Keap\Core\V2\Model\BasicContact**](BasicContact.md) | Contact associated with this order | [optional]
**order_ids** | **string[]** | List of order ids transaction was against. | [optional]
**contact_id** | **string** | The id of the contact the transaction was for. | [optional]
**transaction_method** | **string** | The method of transaction. | [optional]
**transaction_time** | **\DateTime** | When this transaction was made. In ISO-8601 format. | [optional]
**external_reference_id** | **string** | An external reference id - typically from a payment processor - that references this transaction. | [optional]
**external_response_code** | **string** | An external response code generated by payment processor | [optional]
**error_details** | **string** | Any details if the transaction failed. | [optional]
**payment_id** | **string** | Identifier of an order/invoice payment created by the transaction. | [optional]
**is_successful** | **bool** | If the transaction completed in a successful state. PENDING transactions are treated &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional]
**merchant_account_id** | **string** | The merchant account id through which the transaction was made. | [optional]
**merchant_account_type** | **string** | The merchant account id through which the transaction was made. | [optional]
**payment_method** | [**\Keap\Core\V2\Model\PaymentMethod**](PaymentMethod.md) | Details of the payment method used for this transaction. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
